TODO.md, before:

## TODO

- [ ] Accept plaintext input
  - [x] Simple plaintext processor (regex split)
  - [ ] Stanza or some similar processors
  - [ ] Input/Output Transliteration option at the time of chapter file upload

- [ ] Use localStorage
  - [ ] (corpus) split.js percentages
  - [ ] (corpus) unconfirmed annotations
    - [ ] different style for unconfirmed annotations
  - [x] (admin) remember last open tab
    - [x] data management accordion
    - [x] ontology tabs

- [ ] Export Data
  - [ ] Every task in 2 formats
    - [x] suitable for annotators
    - [x] annotator visualization
    - [ ] (admin) suitable for programmers
    - [ ] decide a standard format
- [ ] Connect to Sangrahaka
  - [ ] Import entities (do it manually in database)

- [ ] "Submit and go to next verse" ?

- [ ] Admin
  - [ ] Download Data
  - [x] Task Reorder/Enable/Disable
  - [ ] View as another user

- [ ] Improvements to "Add Token" Interface
  - [x] Front-end with multiple fields for Analysis and Features
  - [ ] Search Functionality for "Add Token"
  - [ ] Edit Token using same interface?

- [ ] Keep showing the TokenGraph as triplets are added
  - [x] Core functionality - after press of a button
  - [ ] Change graph to show permanently instead of on click

- [ ] Unify/Modularize task backend handling items? (Task-3 onwards, since most of it is repetitive code).

- [ ] Remove `task_id` hardcoding
  - [x] Task table
  - [x] Remove `task_id` hard-coding in `server_sqla.py` api action handling
  - [x] Next task etc using Task.order
  - [x] Task related elements etc in JS
  - [ ] `export.py` hard-coding for Sentence Boundary and Word Order task

- [ ] Custom key-events
  - [ ] Next/Previous Verse
  - [ ] Next/Previous Page
  - [ ] Submit

---

- [x] Task Category System (allow multiple tasks from same category)
  - [x] Global `TASK_CATEGORY` Constants
  - [x] Update models
    - [x] Task model to have `category` (`Enum()` of all valid task categories)
    - [x] All task models to have `task_id`
  - [x] Render templates, perform JS actions based on `Task.category`
  - [x] Admin interface to add/edit tasks, `category` to be chosen
    - [x] Customizable Help Messages
- [x] Log all Submits instead of just latest per task per annotator?
- [x] SentenceGraph show graph
- [x] Add triplets for token graph
- [x] Show sentence with Token Graph
- [x] Do task setup on the event of tab change (so we can avoid calling it from every submit and it'll be more consistent)
- [x] Track progress and provide a progressbar in front-end
  - [x] Front-end (formatter function, on-hover info)
  - [x] Back-end (update after every task-submit)
- [x] Skip vs Submit
  - [x] Remove Skip button?
  - [x] Allow empty submits
- [x] Draggable Left-Right Column
  - [x] ~At least adjust width (50-50 or so)~ (no longer needed)


## Bugs

- [x] Export - boundary not shown in some cases
  - (details: bug was when boundary token does not have text (or equals `_`))

- [ ] If there are deleted items, it triggers a "Successfully updated" message even if there are no changes. Refer to `server_sqla.py` for further details.

- [x] If sentence boundary is marked for a verse in the next chapter, all the nodes in between get counted as sentences
- [x] Task 4 not recording
- [x] Task 4 display only displays single relation out of existing ones
- [x] After marking sentence boundary, transition to word-order task doesn't take proper sentence as word-order, need to call `setup_word_order()` again. Probably async issue.
- [x] When new boundaries are marked, it may affect next sentence as well, need to do something about that. (e.g. If token 12 was boundary, and token 24 was another, and token 12 gets deleted, now, if token 24 had word_order, that needs to be re-done)

## Core

- [x] Front-end
  - [x] Sentence Boundary Interface
  - [x] Canonical Word Order Interface
    - [x] Reordering Front-end (sortable)
  - [x] Token Text Annotation Interface
  - [x] Token Classification Interface (e.g. Named Entity)
  - [x] Token Graph Interface
    - [x] Triplet based addition
    - [x] Show Live Graph (on button click)
  - [x] Co-reference Resolution Interface
    - [x] Button click (for token selection) based interface
  - [x] Sentence Classification Interface
  - [x] Sentence Graph
- [x] Back-end
  - [x] Sentence Boundary
    - [x] Deleting necessary boundaries if required
    - [x] Delete related objects
  - [x] Canonical Word Order
  - [x] Token Text Annotation
  - [x] Token Classification
  - [x] Token Graph
  - [x] Token Connection
  - [x] Sentence Classification
  - [x] Sentence Graph

## Future

- [ ] Allow selecting if DCS etc in case that conllu allowed
- [ ] Run SSCS for splitting (for general Sanskrit corpus when not in CoNLLU) (Think!)
- [ ] Edit in table??
- [ ] Allow multiple selection in classification tasks -- handle it on JS side, generating multiple entries from a single selector -- Issue: when it is actually
single select, multi-select adds one extra click for changing.

Commit message:

fix: skip out-of-context connections/relations
* style: add light background to context connections/relations (those
  not belonging to the verse being annotated)
* fix #1

TODO.md, after:

## TODO

- [ ] Accept plaintext input
  - [x] Simple plaintext processor (regex split)
  - [ ] Stanza or some similar processors
  - [ ] Input/Output Transliteration option at the time of chapter file upload

- [ ] Use localStorage
  - [ ] (corpus) split.js percentages
  - [ ] (corpus) unconfirmed annotations
    - [ ] different style for unconfirmed annotations
  - [x] (admin) remember last open tab
    - [x] data management accordion
    - [x] ontology tabs

- [ ] Export Data
  - [ ] Every task in 2 formats
    - [x] suitable for annotators
    - [x] annotator visualization
    - [ ] (admin) suitable for programmers
    - [ ] decide a standard format
- [ ] Connect to Sangrahaka
  - [ ] Import entities (do it manually in database)

- [ ] "Submit and go to next verse" ?

- [ ] Admin
  - [ ] Download Data
  - [x] Task Reorder/Enable/Disable
  - [ ] View as another user

- [ ] Improvements to "Add Token" Interface
  - [x] Front-end with multiple fields for Analysis and Features
  - [ ] Search Functionality for "Add Token"
  - [ ] Edit Token using same interface?

- [ ] Keep showing the TokenGraph as triplets are added
  - [x] Core functionality - after press of a button
  - [ ] Change graph to show permanently instead of on click

- [ ] Unify/Modularize task backend handling items? (Task-3 onwards, since most of it is repetitive code).

- [ ] Remove `task_id` hardcoding
  - [x] Task table
  - [x] Remove `task_id` hard-coding in `server_sqla.py` api action handling
  - [x] Next task etc using Task.order
  - [x] Task related elements etc in JS
  - [ ] `export.py` hard-coding for Sentence Boundary and Word Order task

- [ ] Custom key-events
  - [ ] Next/Previous Verse
  - [ ] Next/Previous Page
  - [ ] Submit

---

- [x] Task Category System (allow multiple tasks from same category)
  - [x] Global `TASK_CATEGORY` Constants
  - [x] Update models
    - [x] Task model to have `category` (`Enum()` of all valid task categories)
    - [x] All task models to have `task_id`
  - [x] Render templates, perform JS actions based on `Task.category`
  - [x] Admin interface to add/edit tasks, `category` to be chosen
    - [x] Customizable Help Messages
- [x] Log all Submits instead of just latest per task per annotator?
- [x] SentenceGraph show graph
- [x] Add triplets for token graph
- [x] Show sentence with Token Graph
- [x] Do task setup on the event of tab change (so we can avoid calling it from every submit and it'll be more consistent)
- [x] Track progress and provide a progressbar in front-end
  - [x] Front-end (formatter function, on-hover info)
  - [x] Back-end (update after every task-submit)
- [x] Skip vs Submit
  - [x] Remove Skip button?
  - [x] Allow empty submits
- [x] Draggable Left-Right Column
  - [x] ~At least adjust width (50-50 or so)~ (no longer needed)


## Bugs

- [x] TokenConnection/SentenceGraph connections/relations show incomplete rows when one of the tokens is out of context.
- [x] Export - boundary not shown in some cases
  - (details: bug was when boundary token does not have text (or equals `_`))

- [ ] If there are deleted items, it triggers a "Successfully updated" message even if there are no changes. Refer to `server_sqla.py` for further details.

- [x] If sentence boundary is marked for a verse in the next chapter, all the nodes in between get counted as sentences
- [x] Task 4 not recording
- [x] Task 4 display only displays single relation out of existing ones
- [x] After marking sentence boundary, transition to word-order task doesn't take proper sentence as word-order, need to call `setup_word_order()` again. Probably async issue.
- [x] When new boundaries are marked, it may affect next sentence as well, need to do something about that. (e.g. If token 12 was boundary, and token 24 was another, and token 12 gets deleted, now, if token 24 had word_order, that needs to be re-done)

## Core

- [x] Front-end
  - [x] Sentence Boundary Interface
  - [x] Canonical Word Order Interface
    - [x] Reordering Front-end (sortable)
  - [x] Token Text Annotation Interface
  - [x] Token Classification Interface (e.g. Named Entity)
  - [x] Token Graph Interface
    - [x] Triplet based addition
    - [x] Show Live Graph (on button click)
  - [x] Co-reference Resolution Interface
    - [x] Button click (for token selection) based interface
  - [x] Sentence Classification Interface
  - [x] Sentence Graph
- [x] Back-end
  - [x] Sentence Boundary
    - [x] Deleting necessary boundaries if required
    - [x] Delete related objects
  - [x] Canonical Word Order
  - [x] Token Text Annotation
  - [x] Token Classification
  - [x] Token Graph
  - [x] Token Connection
  - [x] Sentence Classification
  - [x] Sentence Graph

## Future

- [ ] Allow selecting if DCS etc in case that conllu allowed
- [ ] Run SSCS for splitting (for general Sanskrit corpus when not in CoNLLU) (Think!)
- [ ] Edit in table??
- [ ] Allow multiple selection in classification tasks -- handle it on JS side, generating multiple entries from a single selector -- Issue: when it is actually
single select, multi-select adds one extra click for changing.
